Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!
I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.
Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.
Are you religious? Because you're the answer to all my prayers.
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.
If you were a vegetable you'd be a cute-cumber.
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns!
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.
If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.
Do you have a map? I'm getting lost in your eyes.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Are you an orphanage? Cause I wanna give you kids.
I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.
Are you my Appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.
I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?
Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.
I will stop loving you when an apple grows from a mango tree on the 30th of February.
Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.
Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got fine written all over you.
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.
I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by YOU.
I was so enchanted by your beauty that I ran into that wall over there. So I'm going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
I'm not staring at your boobs. I'm staring at your heart.
You're the only girl I love now... but in ten years, I'll love another girl. She'll call you 'Mommy.'
Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?
I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.
Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.
Hey, don't frown. You never know who could be falling in love with your smile.
My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.
Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.
Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be your man.
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.
For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.
You look so familiar… didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.
Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, 'cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!
You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen
I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Is your dad a drug dealer? Cause you're so Dope!
Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!
There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces
Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!
If you were a booger I'd pick you first.
Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you.
Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it's just a sparkle.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.
Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.
You're kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.
Put down that cupake... you're sweet enough already.
You wanna know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?
I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.
I'm not actually this tall. I'm sitting on my wallet.
