
Yo momma so fat she left the house in high heels and when she came back she had on flip flops. 
Yo momma so fat she sat on an iPhone and turned it into an iPad 
Yo momma so fat she went to KFC to get a bucket of chicken they asked her what size and she said the one on the roof 
Yo momma so fat she sued xbox 360 for guessing her weight 
Yo momma so fat that she dont need the internet she's already world wide 
Yo momma so fat that I ran out of gas trying to drive around her. 
Yo momma so fat that she gave draclua diabeties Your mama so fat, when she twerk, she became a wrecking ball. 
Yo momma so fat shes on both sides of the family 
Yo momma so fat, everytime she walks she does the harlem shake 
Yo momma so fat, I bumped into her and said "Sorry, my mistake." And she said "Did you just say steak?!" 
Yo momma So Fat she has mass whether the Higgs Boson exists or not. 
Yo momma so fat when she sat on a dollar bill she squeezed a booger out of George Washingtons nose 
Yo momma so fat all she wanted for christmas is to see her feet 
Yo momma so fat she went to Mcdonalds tripped over Burger King and landed on Wendy's! 
Yo momma so fat even Meghan Trainor made an exception and called her "treble". 
Yo momma so fat that when she fell down the stairs, I wasn't laughing but the stairs were cracking up. 
Yo momma so fat she has two watches one for each time zone she's in. 
Yo momma so fat that when she took a selfie, Instagram crashed. 
Yo momma so fat when she stepped on the scale, the doctor said "Holy Crap, That's My Phone Number" 
Yo momma so greasy and fat she uses bacon as a bandaid 
Yo momma so fat she ate a whole Pizza....Hut. 
Yo momma so fat I use her as a queen size matress and she doesn't even know it 
Yo momma so fat Burger King hired her because she eats cows and shits hamburgers. 
Yo momma so fat that even Dora couldn't explore her 
Yo momma so fat, that she gets free WiFi. Because she's already world wide 
Yo momma so fat, she's "Large, Single, and ready to Pringle." Your Mama so fat that when she wore a blue dress everybody thought that the "sky was fallin" 
Yo momma so fat that her Polo shirt had a real horse on it. 
Yo momma so fat Joran van der Sloot couldn't make her body disappear. 
Yo momma so fat she uses Google Earth to take a selfie. 
Yo momma so fat her job with Hostess is why they went out of business 
Yo momma so fat when she sat on my iPad she made a flat screen tv! 
Yo momma so fat she just had a baby and said it was delicious 
Yo momma so fat her blood type is Nutella. 
Yo momma so fat she went to a restaurant and got the group discount 
Yo momma so fat she sat on the TV while you were watching Family Guy and Brian the dog died. 
Yo momma so fat her idea of dieting is deleting the cookies from the internet cache. 
Yo momma so fat that when someone called her fat, she ate him 
Yo momma so fat you have to grease the door frame and hold a twinkie on the other side just to get her through 
Yo momma so fat sets off car alarms when she runs. 
Yo momma so fat that when she wears a Orange jumpsuit and walks up the hill, people think the sun is rising 
Yo momma is so fat she sat on Walmart and lowered the prices 
Yo momma so fat she blocks the WiFi signal 
Yo momma so fat she lays on the beach and greenpeace tried to push her back in the water 
Yo momma so fat the only pictures you have of her are satellite pictures 
Yo momma is so fat, it took 3 years for Nationwide to get on her side. 
Yo momma so fat, everytime she starts singing people leave. 
Yo momma so fat, she gets confronted every time she drinks or smokes because everyone thinks shes pregnant. 
Yo momma so fat, she masterbates to the food channel 
Yo momma so fat the government shut her down along with the rest of the national parks. 
Yo momma so fat she jumped in the air and got stuck. 
Yo momma so fat, she had a nice personality, but ate it. 
Yo momma is so fat when she bent over and showed her crack the grand canyon said "DAMMMMMMMMMMN" 
Yo momma so fat she can do the truffle shuffle better than Chunk in "The Goonies" 
Yo momma so fat they found carmen san diego in between one of her chins 
Yo momma so fat, she curves space and time. 
Yo momma so fat she put on some BVD's and by the time they reached her waist they spelled out boulevard. 
Yo momma so fat she stepped on a rainbow and made Skittles. 
Yo momma so fat then when she fell from her bed she fell from both sides 
Yo momma so fat that she would have been in E.T., but when she rode the bike across the moon, she caused an eclipse. 
Yo momma so fat she was baptised in the ocean. 
Yo momma so fat I told her to haul ass & she hadda make two trips. 
Yo momma so fat when she gets in an elevator, it HAS to go down. 
Yo momma so fat she has to iron her clothes in the driveway. Your momma is so fat when she walked in her new house the first thing she saw was the basement 
Yo momma so fat they tie a rope around her shoulders and drag her through a tunnel when they want to clean it. 
Yo momma so fat when she got hit by a bus, she said, "Who threw that rock?" 
Yo momma so fat when she stands in a left-turn lane it gives her the green arrow! 
Yo momma so fat that when whe was born, she gave the hospital stretch marks. 
Yo momma's so fat when she is having sex, her partner doesen't know if it's in her butt or her boobs! 
Yo momma so fat we went to the drive-in and didn't have to pay because we dressed her as a Chevrolet. 
Yo momma so fat when her beeper goes off, people thought she was backing up 
Yo momma so fat she eats Wheat Thicks. 
Yo momma so fat were in her right now 
Yo momma so fat people jog around her for exercise 
Yo momma so fat she wears neck deorderant 
Yo momma so fat she has pork rind incense burning in her house 
Yo momma is so fat her favorite basketball team is the Denver Nuggets 
Yo momma so fat when she sits on the beach she makes sandpaper 
Yo momma so fat she wears a sock on each toe 
Yo momma so fat her DNA is DRO (for Dorito) 
Yo momma so fat she got a bath from the cooking channel 
Yo momma so fat she went to the movies and sat next to everyone Yo mamma so fat you haveta roll over twice to get off her... 
Yo momma so fat she was floating in the ocean and Spain claimed her for then new world 
Yo momma so fat when you get on top of her your ears pop! 
Yo momma so fat she straps an iPad on her arm before every run 
Yo momma so fat the army stole her underwear to use as parachutes 
Yo momma so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat, people said "Taxi!" 
Yo momma so fat she had to go to Sea World to get baptized 
Yo momma so fat in the summer, people use her belly button as a swimming pool. 
Yo momma so fat her shits are as long as king kongs finger 
Yo momma so fat, if she was bricks she'd be a housing project. 
Yo momma so fat she got to iron her pants on the driveway "You cant have a brother or a sister "Why?" "
Yo momma so fat your daddy got squished in the process!" Your mom is so fat that she can't fit in this joke. 
Yo momma so fat she puts insurance on her food 
Yo momma so fat she can hear bacon cooking in Canada your mama so fat she aint got cellulite she got celluheavy Some people trade tit for tat, 
Yo momma so fat she traded fit for fat 
Yo momma so fat, she did a belly flop and 2 weeks later they found water on Mars. 
Yo momma so fat, if she was a dinosaur, her name would be Jell-Osaurus Rex. 
Yo momma so fat she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller 
Yo momma so fat, NASA thought she caused a solar eclipse 
Yo momma so fat I could travel halfway across the world and still see her shadow 
Yo momma so fat her cereal bowl comes with a life guard. 
Yo momma's so fat her patronus is a cake. 
Yo momma so fat she has to wear her pants backwards, because her front butt is bigger 
Yo momma so fat when she got in front of the HOLLYWOOD sign you could only see H-D 
Yo momma so fat the national weather service gives a name to each one of her farts. 
Yo momma's so fat she needs a steamroller to iron her clothes. your mama so fat the horse on her shirt is real your moms so fat when the judge said "Order in the Court!" she said "Pie and chips please!" 
Yo momma so fat she got to pull down her pants to get into her pockets 
Yo momma so fat she was born in space and from then on she was know as Pluto (until they discoverd she wasnt a planet!) 
Yo momma is so fat she shits lard 
Yo momma her porta potty is bigger than my house 
Yo momma so fat when she tripped over on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th 
Yo momma so fat when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too 
Yo momma so fat the highway patrol made her wear "Caution! Wide Turn" 
Yo momma so fat when she sat on a penny and Abraham Lincolin said ouch. 
Yo momma so fat when she sits around the house, she SITS AROUND THE HOUSE! 
Yo momma so fat the only way she burns calories is when her food catches on fire 
Yo momma so fat she entered the Hunger Games and won all 75 of them 
Yo momma so fat she's the reason African kids are starving your mama is so fat that when I tried to take a picture off her, I had to get a mile away. 
Yo momma so fat that when she got into the ocean Thailand declared another tsunami warning. please" 
Yo momma so fat when she steps on a scale, it read "one at a time, please" 
Yo momma so fat when she sits on my face I can't hear the stereo. Yo mamma so fat even penguins are jealous of the way she waddles. 
Yo momma so fat when she drives a car people shout "hey its the fat and the furious!" 
Yo momma so fat when I stabbed her in the stomach the whole McDonalds value meal came out of her 
Yo momma so fat when she gets on the scale it says to be continued. 
Yo momma so fat she blew out both her tires on her roller skates 
Yo momma so lazy AND fat, she ate all the lunch meat, and didn't bother to pack yo lunch. 
Yo momma so fat when she gets on the scale it says we don't do livestock. 
Yo momma so fat, when she went to sign up for Survivor, they said "Sorry we already have an island." 
Yo momma so fat she dont skinny dip she chunky dunks 
Yo momma so fat. Your father no longer finds her attractive and its destroying their marriage. 
Yo momma so fat her neck looks like a pair of hot dogs! 
Yo momma so fat she's got her own area code! 
Yo momma so fat she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagon! 
Yo momma so fat when God said let there be light, he asked her to move out of the way 
Yo momma's so fat, she's got more chins than a Hong Kong phonebook 
Yo momma is so fat that when she sits on the toilet it starts saying a,b,c,d,e,f,g,get your fat ass off of me 
Yo momma so fat the only time she saw 90210 is when she stepped on a scale 
Yo momma so fat NASA has to orbit a satellite around her! 
Yo momma so fat she stuffed a turkey with her fat. 
Yo momma so fat whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in! 
Yo momma so fat when she plays hopscotch, she goes New York, L.A., Chicago... 
Yo momma so fat she downloads cheat codes for wii fit. 
Yo momma so fat she's got Amtrak written on her leg. 
Yo momma so fat even Bill Gates couldn't pay for her liposuction! 
Yo momma so fat, she has a KFC bucket in her hands at all times 
Yo momma so fat her legs is like spoiled milk - white & chunky! 
Yo momma so fat you cant tell if she got a penis or a vagina. 
Yo momma so fat I had to take a train and two buses just to get on the her good side! 
Yo momma so fat she wakes up in sections! 
Yo momma so fat when she goes to an amusement park, people try to ride HER! 
Yo momma so fat she sat on a quarter and a booger shot out of george washington's nose. 
Yo momma so fat she rolled over 4 quarters and it made a dollar! Your mother is so fat, its illegal for her to skydive because the world only needs one grand canyon. 
Yo mommas so fat she needs cheat codes for Wii fit 
